Added the default option to add the application salt to the cookie (#467)
cakephp/authentication: docs/en/authenticators.rst

   ``null`` and all pages will be checked.
-  **passwordHasher**: Password hasher to use for token hashing. Default
   is ``DefaultPasswordHasher::class``.

> -  **salt**: When `true`, the application's Security salt will be appended to the token before hashing. When `false`, no salt is used. When a string is passed this will be used as a salt instead. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **salt**: When ``true``, the application's Security salt will be appended to the token before hashing. When ``false``, no salt is used. When a string is passed this will be used as a salt instead. Default is ``true``.
```

> -  **salt**: When ``true``, the application's Security salt will be appended to the token before hashing. When ``false``, no salt is used. When a string is passed this will be used as a salt instead. Default is ``true``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **salt**: When ``false`` no salt is used. When a string is passed that value is used as a salt value. 
   When ``true`` the default Security.salt is used. Default is ``true``. When a salt is used, the cookie value 
   will contain `hash(username + password + hmac(username + password, salt))`. This helps harden tokens against possible 
   database leaks and enables cookie values to be invalidated by rotating the salt value.
```
